Requesting the additive to be classified in the additive category ‘technological additives’ and in the functional group ‘silage additives’.It also concluded that the additive with maltodextrin as a carrier is not irritant to skin or eyes but should be considered a respiratory sensitiser.This is found in the directions for use of the additive and premixtures.This is used in combination with other micro-organisms.Classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures is important.This applies to opinions concerning multi-walled carbon tubes (synthetic graphite in tubular shape).This is stated in an opinion concerning acetone oxime and sulfur.This is stated in an opinion concerning silver massive and silver nano.With regard to the substance copper flakes (coated with aliphatic acid).Acute Toxicity Estimates are mainly used to determine the classification for human health acute toxicity.Labelling requirements for the novel food partially hydrolysed protein.Renewing the approval of the active substance metconazole as a candidate for substitution.Placing of plant protection products on the market.It is therefore appropriate not to maintain the restriction to use as a fungicide and plant growth regulator.Half-life of metconazole is higher than 40 days in fresh water and higher than 120 days in fresh water sediment.The substance is classified as toxic for reproduction.There was no effect concentration for freshwater organisms.This is written in the light of current scientific and technical knowledge and the outcome of the risk assessment.This is a potential concern for an increasing prevalence of azole-resistant strains.Assessment of water treatment processes on residues of active substances or their metabolites in water.You need to confirm the appropriate toxicological reference values applicable to certain metabolites.Use shall be limited to professional users.Residues that may be present in the primary crops and succeeding crops grown in rotation.Protection of aquatic organisms is a neccesary procedure.Residues present in surface water and groundwater must be registered.Monohydroxylated metconazole compounds are detected in this sample.This is written in an approval of safeners and synergists.This is done in view of the substantive links between the empowerments.Work programme for the gradual review was published.Use of the novel food yeast biomass is approved.It is allowed for use in food supplements.Food supplements for infants and young children should be excluded.Meal replacements for weight control are intended for the adult population.In accordance with the particular nutritional requirements of the persons for whom the products are intended."Deleting the substance asa source of the feed additive red quebracho extract "A short transitional period should be provided.This applies to premixtures, compound feed and feed materials containing it."For the quantification of condensedtannins (phytochemical marker) inthe feed additive."In the directions for use of the additive and premixtures, the storage conditions and stability to heat treatment shall be indicated.The additive and premixtures shall be used with personal protective equipment."You should renew the authorisation of a preparation of ammonium chloride as a feedadditive for ruminants""It is found in the additive category ‘zootechnical additives’ and in the functional group ‘other zootechnical additives (reduction ofurinary pH)’. "This substance is not a dermal sensitiser.As regards adding processed manure as a component material in EU fertilising products EU fertilising products may contain derived products within the meaning of regulations.It is a derived product commonly used in the organic fertilisers and soil improvers.Nitrogen and phosphorus are two of the three primary macronutrients.It has proven its agronomic value during a long history of use.Content of viable weed seeds or plant propagules is limited."Thus, the processed manure should be further processed to pass through asieve with a smaller mesh or pellitised."So it complies with one of the stability criteria laid down for Component Material Category 3, compost. Weed seeds will no longer be viable after the composting process.An additional safety criterion should be laid down to limit the content of 16 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Given the high risks generated by the presence of such pollutants in fertilising products, it is appropriate to introduce more stringent requirements.Done to facilitate the conformity assessment procedure and avoid unnecessary costs."However, the manure processing steps should not include thermochemical conversion processesat high temperatures or pressures, such as liquefaction, hydrothermal carbonisation, pyrolysis, gasification orcombustion.""To inform end-users about the potential air quality impacts of the release of ammonia from the use of processedmanure."Processed manure may contain aminopyralid or clopyralid.The material may undergo biological treatment involving nitrification and denitrification.Activities performed to ensure the application of food and feed law, rules on animal health and welfare, plant health and plant protection products.Based on practical experience there are no relevant substances from substance group for raw bovine, ovine and caprine milk.The content of the subgroups of prohibited or unauthorised pharmacologically active substances in food-producing animals has evolved.Therefore, the mandatory requirement of sampling should be removed from the table for the combinations of substance groups and commodity groups concerned.To update the maximum level of the impurity contained therein.The designated rapporteur Member State assessed the request for an amended use of the active substance metalaxyl-M in relation to the potential effects on human and animal health and the environment.It prepared a revised renewal assessment report which was submitted to the European Food Safety Authority.It is therefore appropriate to update the maximum level of that impurity and to amend the conditions of approval.In this overall assessment Member States shall pay particular attention to the specification of the technical material as commercially manufactured.Member states shall pay attention to the protection of operators and workers, ensuring that the conditions of use prescribe the use of adequate personal protective equipment.Member states shall pay attention to the protection of non-target arthropods, birds and mammals.The applicant shall submit to the Commission, the Member States and the Authority further information to confirm the absence of endocrine disrupting properties.The approval of acibenzolar-S-methyl was renewed.The European Food Safety Authority published a peer review of the pesticide risk assessment.The active substances amisulbrom, S-abscisic acid, thiencarbazone and valifenalate are listed in the Annex. The European Food Safety Authority needs additional time to reach a conclusion requiring, where appropriate, a consultation of experts. Commission Regulation establishes the list of air carriers, which are subject to an operating ban within the Union.Decision to modify the conditions of an operating ban imposed on an air carrier, which is included in the list set out in the Annex."The European Union Aviation Safety Agency informed the Commission and the EU Air Safety Committee about the technical assessments conductedfor the initial evaluation and the continuous monitoring of third country operator.""Eurocontrol provided the Commission and the EU Air Safety Committee with an update on the status of the SAFAand TCO alarming functions.""Details regarding concerns raised from the review of the submitted information were conveyed, notably as regards the lack of implementation of a State Safety Programme/NationalAviation Safety Plan and air operator certificate. "These legislative changes have focused on enhancing airspace usage, the certification of unmanned aerial systems, improvement to de/anti-icing procedures, and the introduction of mandatory and voluntary occurrence reporting obligations."However, areas that require further focus include the monitoring of compliance during certificationprocesses and the granting of special approvals.""Additionally, it is essential to prioritise the improvement of its internal quality and compliance systems to align the activities of the Flight Operations Department withinternational safety standards."Substantial progress has been determined in the airworthiness area, with the determination that effective safety oversight is currently being ensured.Certain inconsistencies have been identified, necessitating a closer examination of crew composition and duty time management practices, as well as discrepancies in crew qualifications and aircraft load calculations.Regular contacts and progress reports are anticipated as part of this continuous monitoring activity.It was also evident that at the time of the visit the Flight Standards Directorate was severely understaffed.It is clear that root cause identification and its analysis is an area that needs to be properly implemented."It is necessary to ensure a consistent approach, in particular as regards the specific information relevant for theapproval of each of the systems to be included in the EU type-approval certificate.""Furthermore, harmonised templates of the approval documents are needed to ensure clarity, predictability andconsistency of the information and reducing the administrative burden for both the manufacturers and the approval authorities."The measures provided for in this Regulation are in accordance with the opinion of the Technical Committee – Motor Vehicles.Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the approval and market surveillance of motor vehicles and their trailers, and of systems, components and separate technical units intended for such vehicles."The template shall be used for the information document with regard to their intelligent speed assistance systems and for the type-approval of those systems asseparate technical units."The template shall be used for the information document with regard to their driver drowsiness and attention warning systems.The template shall be used for the information document with regard to their event data recorders and for the type-approval of event data recorders as separate technical units.The template shall be used for the information document with regard to their alcohol interlock installation facilitation.The template shall be used for the information document with regard to their advanced driver distraction warning systems.Means of identification of type, if marked on the vehicle/component/separate technical unit shall be labelled.Tolerance of the measuring mechanism and overall transmission ratio shall be tested.Is the vehicle equipped with a tachograph?Rules for the application of Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council, as regards design, construction and performance requirements and testing standards for marine equipment.The list of the applicable international instruments should be updated. This is the first installation of the equipment in its functional position on board an EU ship.Delivery of the equipment to the shipyard was successful.It is important to have easy access to lifebuoys."If it is intended to operate thequick-release arrangement provided forthe self-activated smoke signals andself-igniting lights, these items shallhave a mass of not less than 4 kg."Position-indicating lights for life-saving appliances, including survival craft and rescue boats, should be present."Electromagnetic Compatibility tests areexcluded in this case."Lifebuoys self-activating smoke signals are necessary."Immersion suits without inherentinsulation and anti-exposure suitsdesigned to be worn in conjunctionwith a lifejacket."Thermal protective aids should be a part of the kit.Rocket parachute flares (pyrotechnics) and hand flares are located on the deck.Buoyant smoke signals can also be found there, along with line-throwing appliances.Inflatable liferafts and rigid liferafts are a part of a necessary safety measure.Automatically self-righting liferafts and canopied reversible liferafts can be used."Float-free arrangements for liferafts(hydrostatic release units) can be useful."Davit-launched lifeboats can be partially enclosed or totally enclosed.Launching appliances using falls (davits) can often be used.A release mechanism is a part of the appliance.Embarkation ladders are located on the side of the ship.Retro-reflective materials and radar reflector need to be inspected regularly. "Technological developments allow for a modelling approach to the assessment of the constancy of performance ofconstruction products. "Such technological progress allows for the establishment of an assessment and verification system when data collection for input values, assumptions and modelling with or without software support is applied."Commission is going to make the construction sector more sustainable by addressing the sustainabilityperformance of construction products, as announced in the Circular Economy Action Plan."The Commission highlighted a more sustainable built environment as essential for Europe’s transition towards climate-neutrality.construction was identified as one of the priority ecosystems that face the most important challenges meeting climate and sustainability goals and embracing the digital transformation.Due to technological developments in life cycle assessment, certain essential characteristics related to basic requirement are available to be implemented.Products for which an applicable European legal base exists to determine that they are deemed to achieve a certain level or class of performance.The Conference of the Parties decided by Decision to include a new entry for hazardous electrical and electronic waste.As a result exports from the Union to third countries to which the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development Decision of the Council on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Wastes Destined for Recovery Operations applies and imports of electrical and electronic waste should be subject to the procedure of prior written notification and consent.Equipment contaminated with cadmium, lead, mercury, organohalogen compounds.Glass from cathode-ray tubes is included on list A.A switch, lamp, fluorescent tube or a display device backlight which contains mercury is dangerous.Commission Implementing Regulation lays down the physical and technical characteristics of small-area wireless access points.In 2022, the European standard was updated to enable the use of active antenna systems, while ensuring the compliance of base-station installations with the recommended limits pursuant to Council Recommendation on human exposure to electro-magnetic fields."Where radiofrequency unit, a digital processor, a storage unit, a cooling system, power supply, cabling connections, backhaul elements or elements for earthing and fixation,of the small-area wireless access point are installed separately, any portion thereof in excess of 30 litres shall be invisible to the general public."The small-area shall have visual consistency with the supporting structure and a proportionate size relative to the overall size of the supporting structure, coherent shape, neutral colours to match or to blend with the supporting structure, and concealed cables.The criteria equivalent isotropically radiated power is set out in the standard.In that context a technical requirement for a second rear registration plate space for trailers is introduced."It is appropriate to provide rules for the marking of the vehicle identification number (VIN) on the vehicle and forensuring the traceability of the vehicle by means of the VIN."Possible technical and design constraints as regards sensors, radars and cameras to be installed in front of the vehicles for the safety systems provided need to be taken into account.It is necessary to complement the technical requirements for the windscreen washer systems to consider the cases where such systems incorporate a function to mitigate excessive pressures when the nozzles are blocked."It is also suitable to optimise the test procedures for the windscreen defrosting and demisting systems by providingmore efficient sequence of the activities in the test chamber and flexibilities in the choice of the degreaser."It is necessary to provide rules for towing capability of stranded motor vehicles in order to ensure that they can be safely removed from the road when obstructing the road traffic. The additional mass of the specific energy storage systems applied in zero-emission vehicles may cause the reference mass of such vehicles to be higher than that of similar conventional vehicles.Implementing Regulation lays down the common rules of the air and operational provisions regarding services and procedures in air navigation that are applicable to general air traffic (the so-called rules of the air).Therefore, certain definitions related to the meteorological conditions, certain provisions related to air traffic control service and  clearances related to special Visual Flight Rules (‘VFR’) should be amended.Therefore, clearances related to actions to be taken in case of deviation from the current flight plan, abbreviated position reports, weather report transmission should be amended.Therefore, certain definitions related to certain radiotelephony and phraseology requirements, such as the indication of the wake turbulence category, the use of data-link systems in weather 'avoidance communications, the clearance on Standard Instrument Departure and Arrival routes should be amended."In addition, the Commission, the European Central Bank in its banking supervisory capacity (ECB Banking Supervision), the European Banking Authority (EBA) and theEuropean Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) issued a joint statement. "They strongly encourage counterparties to stop using any of the LIBOR settings.Regulators and market participants have been working on replacement rates for those currencies, and in particular on the development of new risk-free rates, which are now being used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts.Given the highly competitive nature of international trading activities, the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book standards were adopted. They were adopted on the premise that their implementation across jurisdictions, both in terms of substance and timelines, would ensure an international level playing field for institutions’ trading activities. Amendiment of Regulation with regard to the date of application of the own funds requirements for market risk. "Therefore, institutions should be required to continue to report the information related to their own funds requirements calculation for market risk under pre Fundamental Review of theTrading Book approaches until the date of application of the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book."Given the importance of the disclosure of own funds requirements in informing the investment decisions of market participants, institutions should instead be required, during that period of deferral, to continue disclosing the information relevant for their exposure to market risk.The exchange of information between competent authorities is part of the administrative procedures in relation to the notifications of alternative investment funds managers wishing to carry out marketing or management activities, to provide services or to establish a branch in host Member States.It is therefore necessary to set out a detailed procedure for those electronic transmissions and for dealing with technical problems that might occur in the process of the transmission of the information between the competent authorities.European Securities and Markets Authority has conducted open public consultations on the provisions of the draft implementing technical standards, relating to the template notification letters for the marketing and the management of alternative investment funds. Notification on the intention to the market units or shares managed by the same alternative investment funds managers in the home Member State of the alternative investment funds managers.Please indicate a single contact for the transmission of the invoice or for the communication of any applicable regulatory fee or charge.The legal form is one of the following: common fund, unit trust, investment company, or any other legal form available under the national legislation.Arrangements to prevent marketing to retail investors need to be made.Process investor’s subscription, payment, and redemption (or repurchase).Act as a contact point for communicating with the competent authorities."Requirement is made for the management of portfolios of investments, including those owned by pension funds and institutions for occupationalretirement provision in accordance with mandates given by investors on a discretionary, client-by-client basis."It is therefore appropriate to specify the information to be notified by undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities and by management companies of undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities for each type of notification.The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities are extremely important to enable a unique identification of the undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities by electronic means. To avoid any gaps, it should be ensured that for every part of the branch’s activities, business areas and management functions, the persons in the respective leading position are notified."A description of how the branch fits into the internal structure of the management company, or, where the managementcompany is a member of a group, into the internal structure of the group.""Procedures have been put in place, and the human and material resources allocated, to comply with the anti-moneylaundering."The document contains a description of controls over delegation arrangements.Regulatory technical standards specifying the information need to be supplemented."The European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority is required to regularly review the baseamounts for professional indemnity insurance."It is required to review the financial capacity of insurance, reinsurance and ancillary insurance intermediaries. It needs to take into account the changes to the European index of consumer prices as published by the Statistical Office of the European Union.To enable Member States to adapt the relevant base amounts in their national provisions, the application of this Regulation should be deferred.The Union has to ensure the effective protection of the integrity and proper functioning of its financial system.Directive (EU) 2015/849 therefore provides that the Commission is to identify third-country jurisdictions which have strategic deficiencies in their regimes.The Commission takes into account recent available information, in particular the recent Financial Action Task Force public statements.The Commission takes into account the list of ‘Jurisdictions under Increased Monitoring’,In particular, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate risk-free rates are produced for US Dollar and Japanese Yen respectively. "More specifically with respect to the OTCderivative market, OTC interest rate derivative contracts."For each of those classes the European Securities and Markets Authority has assessed again the criteria that are essential for subjecting them to the clearing obligation.The agency is required to regularly review the base amounts for professional indemnity insurance and financial capacity of insurance, reinsurance and ancillary insurance intermediaries.It can request the advice of the Insurance and Reinsurance Stakeholder Group.A requirement for the intermediary to have financial capacity amounting, on a permanent basis."Delegated Regulation has temporarily expanded the pool of eligible collateral available to non-financial clearingmembers active on gas and derivatives regulated markets. "That expansion has included into that pool uncollateralised bank guarantees.That Delegated Regulation has also allowed the use of guarantees issued or backed by public entities as eligible collateral for financial and non-financial counterparties.The Commission proposal proposes amendments to make it possible that public guarantees are to be considered eligible as highly liquid collateral, subject to certain safeguards. Pursuant to that amendment, central counterparties, including central counterparties that clear energy derivatives, would be able to allow their clearing members and their clearing members’ clients to use a broader range of collateral to meet margin calls from central counterparties.To ensure the smooth functioning of the Union financial and energy markets, this Regulation should enter into force as a matter of urgency."This Regulation is based on draft  after consulting the European Banking Authority, the European SystemicRisk Board and the European System of Central Banks."Conditions applicable to financial instruments, bank guarantees, public guarantees and gold considered as highly liquid collateral.In response to the global financial crisis of 2008-2009, the Union embarked on a wide-ranging reform of the prudential framework for institutions.That was done to increase the resilience of the Union banking sector.To address those problems, provide legal certainty and signal the commitment of the Union to its international partners, it is of utmost importance to implement faithfully in Union law.At the same time, the implementation should avoid a significant increase in overall capital requirements for the Union banking system as a whole and take into account specificities of the Union economy. "Where possible, adjustments to the international standards should beapplied on a transitional basis."That review should take into consideration the various types of corporate forms, structures and business models across the Union.The review should assess whether the output floor and its level of application ensure an adequate level of depositor protection and safeguard financial stability in the Union."Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 enables institutions to calculate their own funds requirements either by usingstandardised approaches or by using internal model approaches."In such cases, a Member State should be able to decide not to apply the output floor on an individual or sub-consolidated basis to institutions in that Member State, provided that, at the highest level of consolidation in that Member State, the parent institution of those institutions in that Member State complies with the output floor on the basis of its consolidated situation.The Committee on Banking Supervision has found the current Standardised Approach for credit risk (SA-CR) to be insufficiently risk sensitive in a number of areas.For subordinated and equity exposures, a more granular and stringent risk weight treatment is necessary to reflect the higher loss risk.It is neccesary to prevent regulatory arbitrage between the non-trading book and the trading book.In addition, to reinforce private and public initiatives to provide long-term equity to unlisted Union companies, investments undertaken directly or indirectly, for instance through venture capital firms, should not be considered speculative.Supervisory Authorities should monitor the use of the transitional arrangement and should consider relevant developments and trends in the external credit assessment institutions market.For exposures secured by residential property and exposures secured by commercial immovable property, the loan-splitting approach should be kept.That approach is sensitive to the type of borrower and reflects the risk mitigating effects of the immovable property collateral in the applicable risk weights, even in the case of exposures featuring high loan-to-value ratios.The specialised lending business is conducted with special purpose entities that typically serve as borrowing entities."A specific treatment for specialised lending exposures should be introduced, whereby a distinction should be madebetween ‘project finance’, ‘object finance’ and ‘commodity finance’ to better reflect the inherent risks of those sub-classes of the specialised lending exposures class."The classification of retail exposures under the Standardised Approach for credit risk and the Internal Ratings Based Approach should be further aligned.The Basel III standards introduce a credit conversion factor of 10 % for unconditionally cancellable commitments in the Standardised Approach for credit risk.That is likely to result in a significant impact on obligors that rely on the flexible nature of unconditionally cancellable commitments to finance their activities when dealing with seasonal fluctuations in their business or when managing unexpected short-term changes in working capital needs.Input floors that are calibrated too conservatively might discourage institutions from adopting the Internal Ratings Based Approach and the associated risk management standards. The final Fundamental Review of the Trading Book standards in relation to the boundary between the trading book and the non-trading book should be implemented in Union law.In order to complete the reform agenda binding own funds requirements should be implemented in Union law. "The Commission should take into account the principle of proportionality in the calculation of the own fundsrequirements."Public financing through the issuance of government bonds denominated in the domestic currency of another Member State might continue to be necessary to support public measures.Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 should reflect the importance of environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors and a full understanding of the risks of exposures to activities that are linked to overall sustainability or ESG objectives.In light of ongoing developments in markets in crypto-assets and acknowledging the importance of fully implementing the Basel standard on institutions’ crypto-asset exposures in Union law, the Commission should submit a legislative proposal.In its 2011 Green Paper on modernisation the Commission acknowledged the need to modernise the harmonised minimum training requirements in different phases.National authorities, academic institutions and professional organisations indicated that the professions have significantly evolved since their minimum training requirements were harmonised.The directive was amended to change the requirements in order to adapt them to generally acknowledged scientific and technical progress to reflect the evolution of Union law directly affecting the professionals concerned.The requirements apply in all Member States and European Free Trade Association States (EFTA States).State funding constitutes State aid and requires notification to the CommissionHowever, the Council may determine categories of aid that are exempted from that notification requirement.In Regulation (EU) 2015/1588, the Council decided that de minimis aid (that is to say, aid granted to the same undertaking over a specific period of time that does not exceed a certain fixed amount) could constitute one such category.For the purposes of the rules on competition laid down in the Treaty, an undertaking is any entity, be it a natural or a legal person, engaged in an economic activity, regardless of its legal status and the way in which it is financed.The Court of Justice of the European Union has clarified that an entity ‘owning controlling shareholdings in a company’ and which ‘actually exercises that control by involving itself directly or indirectly in the management thereof’ must be considered as taking part in the economic activity of that company.For the sake of legal certainty, and in order to reduce administrative burden, this Regulation should provide a clear and exhaustive list of criteria for determining when two or more enterprises in the same Member State should be considered as a single undertaking.The Commission has selected criteria that are appropriate for the purposes of this Regulation from the well-established criteria for defining ‘linked enterprises’ as part of the definition of small or medium-sized enterprises.The specific situation of enterprises controlled by the same public body or bodies, in which the enterprises may have independent power of decision, should therefore be taken into account.In view of the special rules that apply to the primary production sectors and the risk that amounts of aid below the ceiling laid down in this Regulation could nonetheless fulfil the criteria The Court of Justice of the European Union has determined that, once the Union has legislated for the establishment of a common organisation of the market in a given sector of agriculture, Member States are obliged to refrain from taking any measure that might undermine or create exceptions to it.For that reason, this Regulation should not apply to aid for amounts fixed on the basis of the price or quantity of products purchased or put on the market .This Regulation should not apply to export aid or aid contingent upon the use of domestic goods or services over imported ones.In particular, it should not apply to aid financing the establishment and operation of a distribution network in other Member States or third countries.Rules should be laid down to ensure that it is not possible to circumvent maximum aid intensities set out in the relevant State aid regulations or Commission decisions.Clear rules on cumulation should also be established.This Regulation does not exclude the possibility that a measure might not be considered to be State aid, for instance, when the measure complies with the market economy operator principle or does not involve a transfer of State resources.There may be situations where a beneficiary supplies goods or services to a limited area (for example in an island region or an outermost region) within a Member State and that beneficiary is unlikely to attract customers from other Member StatesFor the purposes of transparency, equal treatment and effective monitoring, this Regulation should apply only to de minimis aid for which it is possible to calculate the precise gross grant equivalent ex ante without any need to carry out a risk assessment (‘transparent de minimis aid’)."In addition, Member States may use a methodology to calculate the gross grant equivalent of guarantees that hasbeen notified to the Commission."Each Member State may set up a national central register.Considering that administrative burden and regulatory obstacles constitute a problem for the majority.Good administrative practices, such as those laid down in the Single Digital Gateway Regulation may be used as reference for the setting up and operation of the central register at Union level and of the national central registers."Transparency rules aim to ensure better compliance, greater accountability, peer review and ultimately more effectivepublic spending. "It does not unduly interfere with beneficiaries’ right to protection of their personal data as long as the publication in the central register of personal data complies with the Union rules on data protection.In the case of mergers or acquisitions, all prior de minimis aid granted to any of the merging undertakings shall be taken into account.Regulation (EU) 2017/625 establishes the framework for official controls and other official activities to verify compliance with the Union legislation. It is equired that Member States to perform official controls at designated border control posts on each consignment of the categories of goods. Each consignment is to be pre-notified and checked at border control posts using the Common Health Entry Document.Where the competent authorities at the border control post perform official controls on those goods, the official controls are to include documentary checks, identity checks and physical checks.The competent authorities should be able to receive in advance standardised information describing the consignments in sufficient detail to allow the competent authorities to immediately and completely identify the consignments, their destination and intended use."the operator responsible for the consignment should notify the arrival of that consignment by completing and submitting the relevant datain the TRACES-system in the information management system for official controls."In order to facilitate the performance of official controls and of customs controls, the competent authorities at the border control posts should be able to add the written records of the official controls performed on the consignments and any decisions taken on that basis.‘Advanced electronic seal’ means an electronic seal complying with the technical specifications.The notification of arrival shall be completed with the name, address, country and ISO country code of the place where the consignment is being delivered for final unloading. Description of the goods in the consignment based on official certificates, official attestations, declarations or commercial documents, allows their identification and the calculation of fees.The Commission adopted this after consulting the Advisory Committee on Restrictive Practices and Dominant Positions."Regulation empowers the Commission to apply the a treaty by regulation tocertain categories of agreements, decisions and concerted practices."This is about the research and development of products, technologies or processes up to the stage of industrial application, and the exploitation of the results, including provisions regarding intellectual property rights.In view of the overall positive experience with the application of that Regulation and the results of the evaluation of that Regulation, it is appropriate to adopt a new block exemption regulation.The pursuit of those objectives should take account of the need to simplify administrative supervision and the legislative framework to the greatest extent possible.Below a certain level of market power, it can in general be presumed that the positive effects of research and development agreements will outweigh any negative effects on competition. Consumers can generally be expected to benefit from the increased volume and effectiveness of research and development through the introduction of new or improved products.The joint exploitation of results can take different forms, such as the production and distribution of products.Moreover, all the parties should have full access to the arising intellectual property rights and knowhow.Furthermore, where academic bodies, research institutes or undertakings participate in research and development, they may agree to use the results.Depending on their capabilities and commercial needs, the parties may make unequal contributions to their research and development cooperation.Any compensation (for example, licence fees) charged should not be so high as to effectively impede access to the know-how by the other parties.It cannot be excluded that anti-competitive foreclosure effects may arise.That party obtains the exclusive right to exploit the results vis-à-vis third parties.The exemption established by this Regulation should not apply to agreements containing restrictions which are not indispensable."The market share thresholds, the non-exemption of certain agreements and the conditions provided for in thisRegulation generally ensure that the agreements to which the block exemption applies do not enable the parties toeliminate competition."Agreements between undertakings which are not competing suppliers n will only eliminate effective innovation competition in exceptional circumstances. Passive sales are sales made in response to unsolicited requests from individual customers.Requirement to make it difficult for users or resellers to obtain the contract products from other resellers within the internal market.Directive 2009/148/EC of the European Parliament and of the Counci aims to protect workers against risks to their safety and health from exposure at work.The substance still affects various economic sectors.According to the European occupational diseases statistics, it is by far the major cause of occupational cancer.In line with the Health in all Policies approach, the protection of workers’ health has a cross-cutting dimension.The Union also has an important role to play at the international level to lead by example as regards the prevention.In addition, this Directive applies in synergy with other Union initiatives."Such types of exposure include passive exposure, where workers work either in the vicinity of someone working withmaterials and secondary exposure, where people are exposed to  fibres brought home by occupationally exposed individuals."Employers put in place the necessary preventive and protective measures to protect the safety and health of workers.The risk avoidance principle is always the primary basis for any measures to be implemented.The gender distribution of activities at the place of work constitutes a risk factor for the monitoring, diagnosis, treatment and recognition.The Renovation Wave for Europe was launched in the Commission communication of 14 October 2020.The Commission has carried out a two-stage consultation of management and labour at Union level.Firefighters and emergency services personnel are at risk of exposure in the course of their work.Russia’s war of aggression against Ukraine is not only causing suffering for the Ukrainian people but also considerable damage to infrastructure, housing and the built environment more generally.Since the objective of this Directive cannot be sufficiently achieved by the Member States, the Union may adopt measures, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity.In accordance with the principle of proportionality, as set out in that Article, this Directive does not go beyond what is necessary in order to achieve that objective.The number of workers involved and the workers’ individual training certificates must be registered.